feat: moving did to the documentation page (#432)
KILTprotocol/sdk-js: packages/did/README.md

# Kilt DIDs

> A KILT Decentralised Identifier (DID) is a string uniquely identifying each KILT user (see the [KILT DID documentation](https://kiltprotocol.github.io/docs/docs/sdk/core-feature/did)). A DID can be thought of as a container of different keys that are all under the control of the same DID subject (see the [DID Core spec](https://www.w3.org/TR/did-core/) for more information).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A KILT Decentralised Identifier (DID) is a string uniquely identifying each KILT user that allows them to create CTypes, issue/collect attestations, and create delegation hierarchies.
A DID can be thought of as a container of different keys that are all under the control of the same DID subject.

For more information about KILT DIDs, please visit our [official documentation](https://kiltprotocol.github.io/docs/docs/sdk/core-feature/did).
For more information about Decentralised Identifiers, please visit the latest version of the [official W3C specification](https://www.w3.org/TR/did-core/).
```
